---
layout: default
head:
  title: MoronCoin
description: Funding Morons Everywhere
title: MoronCoin
---

::hero
---
image: /moroncoin.jpg
---
#title
$RON

#description
- 80% liqudity locked, 5% founder fee.
- Get MoronCoin $RON on Raydium or Jupiter
- HODL for something special...
::

### **Contract Address: 231489014612347890126319278366912**

### **The Genesis of Moron Coin: From Trials to Transformation**

At the heart of Moron Coin lies a tale of resilience, transformation, and the unwavering spirit of its founder, known in our community as "LoneRichy." His journey, marked by personal adversities and unconventional life choices, has been the catalyst for the inception of Moron Coin.

From a young age, LoneRichy faced challenges that tested his limits. An early incident led him down a path of health struggles and self-reflection. His experiences, ranging from battling health issues to navigating life’s unpredictable twists, imbued him with a unique perspective on the world.

LoneRichy’s life was not without its dark moments - from his battles with addiction to encountering individuals who left a lasting impact on his life in unexpected ways. These experiences, while daunting, forged in him a resolve to make a difference, not just for himself but for others who resonate with feeling sidelined by their life choices or circumstances.

Moron Coin emerged from this crucible of personal growth and self-realization. It's not just a project; it’s a mission to empower and support individuals who have faced similar trials and tribulations. By funding projects and endeavors that aim to bring about positive change, Moron Coin stands as a beacon of hope and solidarity.

The team, initially led by LoneRichy, is dedicated to this cause, committing a portion of the project’s proceeds to kickstart its mission. Eventually, the stewardship of Moron Coin will transition to a community-led team, ensuring the project remains true to its roots of inclusivity, support, and transformation.

Join us on this journey of empowerment and change. Moron Coin is more than a token; it’s a movement towards embracing our stories, learning from our experiences, and building a future where everyone has a place.

::gallery
---
images:
  - /moronholtz.jpeg
  - /moronbhad.jpeg
  - /morontrump.jpeg
---
::
